Feature/renaming (#11)
editor-js/list: README.md

![](https://badgen.net/badge/Editor.js/v2.0/blue)

# List Tool for Editor.js

> This Tool for the [Editor.js](https://ifmo.su/editor) allows you to add ordered or unordered (bulleted) lists to your article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Tool for the [Editor.js](https://editorjs.io) allows you to add ordered or unordered (bulleted) lists to your article.
```
